py-apev2tag (formally pylibape) is a pure python library for manipulating both 
APEv2 and ID3v1.1 tags.  It aims for standards compliance with the APEv2 spec 
(http://www.personal.uni-jena.de/~pfk/mpp/sv8/apetag.html).  APEv2 is the 
standard tagging format for Musepack (.mpc) files, and it can also be used 
with mp3s as an alternative to the mess that is ID3v2.x (technically, it can
be used on any file type and is not limited to storing just audio file 
metadata).

The module is in written in pure python, so it should be useable on all 
platforms that Python supports.  The primary testing platform is currently 
Windows.

The library is mostly complete, but hasn't undergone thorough bugtesting.  I 
haven't found any bugs in my normal use of it that I haven't already fixed.

The library has two public functions (apev2tag and id3tag) and one exception 
class (TagError).  At the risk of being obvious, apev2tag manipulates APEv2 
tags, and id3tag manipulates ID3v1.1 tags.  TagError is raised if there is a 
problem with the tag itself, or with the calling arguments.  For a complete 
description about how to use the library, install it and then run the following
commands from inside the python interpreter:

import apev2tag
help(apev2tag)

To run the tests for the library, see the README.tests file.

If you find any bugs, would like additional documentation, or want to submit a
patch, please use Sourceforge (http://sourceforge.net/projects/pylibape/).

The most current source code can be accessed via anonymous SVN at 
svn://209.220.159.58/py-apev2tag/.  Note that the library isn't modified on a
regular basis, so it is unlikely to be different from the latest release.

Thank you for downloading this library. I hope you find it useful. 

Changelog:
0.8 - 2005-03-13
- Helper functions such as createtags, deletetags, getrawapev2, getid3fields,
  etc. added so you don't have to call id3tag and apev2tag directly with the
  appropriate action.
- You can now pass a filename instead of a file-like object to any of the
  public functions.
- Revised tests removing much of the duplicative code
- Line endings for all files converted to LF (was a mix of LF and CRLF before)
  
0.7 - 2005-02-05
- Entire code base refactored, resulting in major performance enhancements in
  parsing and writing APEv2 tags (over twice as fast as 0.6)
- Code made simpler, more modular, and less duplicative
- Internal functions changed to private functions
- TagError class simplified, now raised similar to other exceptions
- Private module variables added (acting as constants)
- Import of string removed (hasn't been necessary since 0.5)

0.6 - 2004-07-17
- Rename module from pylibape to apev2tag
- Rename functions from ape and id3 to apev2tag and id3tag
- Instead of searching through the last 8K of the file, use the information in
  the APEv2 tag footer to locate the rest of the tag
- Minor fixes elsewhere

0.5 - 2004-02-14
- Initial public release
